v2.0.0 (#70)
cybex-gmbh/laravel-protector: README.md

## Migration guide from Protector v1.x to v2.x

Likelihood of impact: high

- If your app does not explicitly require the laravel/sanctum package, upgrading Protector to version 2.x may also 
upgrade Sanctum to version 3.x. This will require you to follow its 
[upgrade guide](https://github.com/laravel/sanctum/blob/3.x/UPGRADE.md). Alternatively you can explicitly require 
laravel/sanctum ^2.4 in your app to lock its version.

Likelihood of impact: low

> - Access to the formerly public methods getGitRevision(), getGitHeadDate() or getGitBranch() is now protected.

Author: ```suggestion
- Access to the formerly public methods getGitRevision(), getGitHeadDate(), getGitBranch() and importDump() is now protected.
```
